by miracle osaka thank you you you me
acknowledge I hope it's me harry to
madras rice harry finally if somewhere
I guess also but not the same
kingdom what harry potter nota
chocogrenouilles star and yes it's good
a month to nothing baba
I know what you're saying
it's me where time goes very quickly
in wizards
it's true that the last time you
saw me with your kids at the movies
I had to go 17 years besides I was
still not returned a master of
economic and social witchcraft is there
now we could confuse it with
the dean the university and is that
nice is that it is only with
friends we kept in touch with
the wizard before we make little ones
dinner dean between us it's great to
edvige the other day it's me who
was receiving one plays spoil their effects
like I explain to you I made them
garlic butter leeches and then after
a little snake tower and in
dessert as I did not have too much
time and well I made them
ghost meringues
do you think they die hague but in
there is nothing at all the sea is
yet what a classic maggi
culinary first year in any case the
friends they feasted so much
that at the end of the meal hermione stole my
secret recipe for leeches thanks
to his cloak of invisibility to I swear to you
and if you too have recipes
scary to share I am a taker and
you will gain two magic points
great and if you present recipes
with only as an ingredient the
squash pumpkin pumpkin or
even potimarron and well there you
grab 1 points per set and I count
on you and do not forget too quickly that
thanks to me it's still
dozens of hours you did not have to
to take care of your children
between my movies and video games but free
and all the trimmings
good go kitchen me castro him